Add Alicloud SLS output binding docs (#2711)
dapr/docs: daprdocs/content/en/reference/components-reference/supported-bindings/alicloudsls.md

---
type: docs
title: "Alibaba Cloud Log Storage Service binding spec"
linkTitle: "Alibaba Cloud Log Storage"
description: "Detailed documentation on the Alibaba Cloud Log Storage binding component"
aliases:
  - "/operations/components/setup-bindings/supported-bindings/alicloudsls/"
---

## Component format

To setup an Alibaba Cloud SLS binding create a component of type `bindings.alicloud.sls`. See [this guide]({{< ref "howto-bindings.md#1-create-a-binding" >}}) on how to create and apply a binding configuration.

```yaml
apiVersion: dapr.io/v1alpha1
kind: Component
metadata:
  name: alicloud.sls
spec:
  type: bindings.alicloud.sls
  version: v1
  metadata:
  - name: AccessKeyID
    value: "[accessKey-id]"
  - name: AccessKeySecret
    value: "[accessKey-secret]"
  - name: Endpoint
    value: "[endpoint]"
```

## Spec metadata fields

| Field         | Required | Binding support  | Details | Example |
|---------------|----------|---------|---------|---------|

> | `AccessKeyID`    | Y | Output | Alicloud SLS account access key id. | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `AccessKeyID`    | Y | Output |  Access key ID credential. | 
```

> | `AccessKeySecret` | Y | Output |Alicloud SLS accoun access key secret |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `AccessKeySecret` | Y | Output | Access key credential secret |
```

```json
{
    "metadata":{
        "project":"your-sls-project-name",
        "logstore":"your-sls-logstore-name",
        "topic":"your-sls-topic-name",
        "source":"your-sls-source"
    },
    "data":{
        "custome-log-filed":"any other log info"
    },
    "operation":"create"
}
```

{{% alert title="Note" color="primary" %}}
Note, the value of "project"，"logstore"，"topic" and "source" property should provide in the metadata properties.
{{% /alert %}}

#### Example

{{< tabs "Windows" "Linux/MacOS" >}}

{{% codetab %}}

```bash
curl -X POST -H "Content-Type: application/json" -d "{\"metadata\":{\"project\":\"project-name\",\"logstore\":\"logstore-name\",\"topic\":\"topic-name\",\"source\":\"source-name\"},\"data\":{\"log-filed\":\"log info\"}" http://localhost:<dapr-port>/v1.0/bindings/<binding-name>
```

{{% /codetab %}}

{{% codetab %}}

```bash
curl -X POST -H "Content-Type: application/json" -d '{"metadata":{"project":"project-name","logstore":"logstore-name","topic":"topic-name","source":"source-name"},"data":{"log-filed":"log info"}' http://localhost:<dapr-port>/v1.0/bindings/<binding-name>
```

{{% /codetab %}}

{{< /tabs >}}

<br />

### Response format

> As Alibaba Cloud SLS producer api is asynchronous mode, so there is no response for this binding and implemented a callback interface to accept the response of success or faild, only record faliure reason to the console log.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As Alibaba Cloud SLS producer API is asynchronous, there is no response for this binding (there is no callback interface to accept the response of success or failure, only a record for failure any reason to the console log).
```
